c:\users\paul.nguyen\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ThorsHammerPoCConsole\ThorsHammerPoCConsole\bin\Debug\ThorsHammerPoCConsole.exe.config
c:\users\paul.nguyen\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ThorsHammerPoCConsole\ThorsHammerPoCConsole\obj\Debug\ThorsHammerPoCConsole.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\paul.nguyen\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ThorsHammerPoCConsole\ThorsHammerPoCConsole\bin\Debug\ThorsHammerPoCConsole.exe
c:\users\paul.nguyen\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ThorsHammerPoCConsole\ThorsHammerPoCConsole\bin\Debug\ThorsHammerPoCConsole.pdb
c:\users\paul.nguyen\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ThorsHammerPoCConsole\ThorsHammerPoCConsole\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\paul.nguyen\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ThorsHammerPoCConsole\ThorsHammerPoCConsole\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\paul.nguyen\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ThorsHammerPoCConsole\ThorsHammerPoCConsole\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\paul.nguyen\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ThorsHammerPoCConsole\ThorsHammerPoCConsole\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\paul.nguyen\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ThorsHammerPoCConsole\ThorsHammerPoCConsole\obj\Debug\ThorsHammerPoCConsole.exe
c:\users\paul.nguyen\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ThorsHammerPoCConsole\ThorsHammerPoCConsole\obj\Debug\ThorsHammerPoCConsole.pdb
c:\users\paul.nguyen\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ThorsHammerPoCConsole\ThorsHammerPoCConsole\bin\Debug\Castle.Core.dll
c:\users\paul.nguyen\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ThorsHammerPoCConsole\ThorsHammerPoCConsole\bin\Debug\Hudl.Common.dll
c:\users\paul.nguyen\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ThorsHammerPoCConsole\ThorsHammerPoCConsole\bin\Debug\Hudl.Config.dll
c:\users\paul.nguyen\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ThorsHammerPoCConsole\ThorsHammerPoCConsole\bin\Debug\Hudl.Mjolnir.Attributes.dll
c:\users\paul.nguyen\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ThorsHammerPoCConsole\ThorsHammerPoCConsole\bin\Debug\Hudl.Mjolnir.dll
c:\users\paul.nguyen\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ThorsHammerPoCConsole\ThorsHammerPoCConsole\bin\Debug\log4net.dll
c:\users\paul.nguyen\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ThorsHammerPoCConsole\ThorsHammerPoCConsole\bin\Debug\SmartThreadPool.dll
c:\users\paul.nguyen\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ThorsHammerPoCConsole\ThorsHammerPoCConsole\bin\Debug\Hudl.Common.pdb
c:\users\paul.nguyen\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ThorsHammerPoCConsole\ThorsHammerPoCConsole\bin\Debug\Hudl.Config.pdb
c:\users\paul.nguyen\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ThorsHammerPoCConsole\ThorsHammerPoCConsole\bin\Debug\Hudl.Mjolnir.pdb
c:\users\paul.nguyen\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ThorsHammerPoCConsole\ThorsHammerPoCConsole\bin\Debug\Hudl.Mjolnir.Attributes.pdb
c:\users\paul.nguyen\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ThorsHammerPoCConsole\ThorsHammerPoCConsole\bin\Debug\log4net.xml
c:\users\paul.nguyen\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ThorsHammerPoCConsole\ThorsHammerPoCConsole\bin\Debug\SmartThreadPool.pdb
